🗒️ Add more structure to documentation (#46)
EthWorks/useDapp: docs/source/core.rst

Core API
########

Providers
*********

<DAppProvider>
==============

> Provides base services for a DApp. It combines following components: ``<ConfigProvider>``, ``<EthersProvider>``, ``<BlockNumberProvider>``, ``<ChainStateProvider>`` and ``<ReadOnlyProviderActivator>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides basic services for a DApp. It combines the following components: ``<ConfigProvider>``, ``<EthersProvider>``, ``<BlockNumberProvider>``, ``<ChainStateProvider>`` and ``<ReadOnlyProviderActivator>``
```

*Properties:*

- ``config: Partial<Config>``: configuration of the Dapp, see `Config`_

*Example:*

.. code-block:: jsx

  const config = {
    readOnlyChainId: ChainId.Mainnet,
    readOnlyUrls: {
      [ChainId.Mainnet]: `https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/${INFURA_ID}`,
    },
  }
  
  return (
    <DAppProvider config={config}>
      <App />
    </DAppProvider>
  )

<ConfigProvider>
================

> Stores configurations and makes it available via `useConfig`_ hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores configurations and makes them available via `useConfig`_ hook.
```

<EthersProvider>
================

*Requires:* ``ConfigProvider``

<BlockNumberProvider>
=====================

<ChainStateProvider>
====================

<ReadOnlyProviderActivator>
===========================

Hooks
*****

useBlock
========

useBlockMeta
============

useChainCalls
=============

*Parameters*

- ``calls: ChainCall[]``

useConfig
=========

useDebounce
===========

**Generic parameters**

- ``T`` 

**Parameters**

- delay: number

**Returns**

- ``T`` 

useDebouncePair
===============

**Generic parameters**

- ``T`` 
- ``U`` 

**Parameters**

- ``first: T``
- ``second: U``
- ``delay: number``

**Returns**

- ``[T, U]`` 

useEthers
=========

> Returns connection state and functions that allow to manipulate the state.
> 
> **Returns:**
> 
>     - ``account: null | string`` - current user account (or *null* if not connected or connected in read-only mode)
>     - ``chainId: ChainId`` - current chainId (or *undefined* if not connected)
>     - ``library: Web3Provider`` - an instance of ethers `Web3Provider <https://github.com/EthWorks/useDapp/tree/master/packages/example>`_ (or *undefined* if not connected)
>     - ``active: boolean`` - returns if is connected (read or write mode)
>     - ``activateBrowserWallet()`` - function that will inititate connection to browser web3 extension (e.g. Metamask)
>     - ``async activate(connector: AbstractConnector, onError?: (error: Error) => void, throwErrors?: boolean)``
>     - ``async deactivate()`` - 
>     - ``error?: Error`` - error that occured during connecting (e.g. connection broken, unsupported network)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns connection state and functions that allow to manipulate the state.

**Returns:**

    - ``account: null | string`` - current user account (or *null* if not connected or connected in read-only mode)
    - ``chainId: ChainId`` - current chainId (or *undefined* if not connected)
    - ``library: Web3Provider`` - an instance of ethers `Web3Provider <https://github.com/EthWorks/useDapp/tree/master/packages/example>`_ (or *undefined* if not connected)
    - ``active: boolean`` - returns if provider is connected (read or write mode)
    - ``activateBrowserWallet()`` - function that will inititate connection to browser web3 extension (e.g. Metamask)
    - ``async activate(connector: AbstractConnector, onError?: (error: Error) => void, throwErrors?: boolean)`` - function that allows to connect to a wallet
    - ``async deactivate()`` - function that disconnects wallet
    - ``error?: Error`` - an error that occurred during connecting (e.g. connection is broken, unsupported network)
```

*Requires:* ``<ConfigProvider>``

useMulticallAddress
===================

Models
******

Config
======

**readOnlyChainId**

> ``ChainId`` of a chain to connect to by deafult in a read-only mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ChainId`` of a chain you want to connect to by default in a read-only mode
```

**readOnlyUrls**

> Mapping of ``ChainId``'s to node urls to use when in read-only mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mapping of ``ChainId``'s to node URLs to use in read-only mode.
```

*Example*

.. code-block:: javascript

  {
    ...
    readOnlyUrls: {
      [ChainId.Mainnet]: 'https://mainnet.infura.io/v3/62687d1a985d4508b2b7a24827551934'
    }
  }

**multicallAddresses**

**supportedChains**
List of intended supported chains. If use tries to connect 

*Default value:*
  ``[ChainId.Mainnet, ChainId.Gorli, ChainId.Kovan, ChainId.Rinkeby, ChainId.Ropsten, ChainId.xDai]``

**pollingInterval**

> Polling interval for new block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polling interval for a new block.
```
